add param to send events from "bam host" (#204)
centreon/centreon-stream-connector-scripts: modules/docs/sc_param.md

| host_status                             | string | 0,1,2                                                                         | comma-separated list of accepted host statuses (0 = UP, 1 = DOWN, 2 = UNREACHABLE)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | service_status                          | string | 0,1,2,3                                                                       | coma separated list of accepted services status (0 = OK, 1 = WARNING, 2 = CRITICAL, 3 = UNKNOWN)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| service_status                          | string | 0,1,2,3                                                                       | comma-separated list of accepted services statuses (0 = OK, 1 = WARNING, 2 = CRITICAL, 3 = UNKNOWN)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | ba_status                               | string | 0,1,2                                                                         | coma separated list of accepted BA status (0 = OK, 1 = WARNING, 2 = CRITICAL)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ba_status                               | string | 0,1,2                                                                         | comma-separated list of accepted BA statuses (0 = OK, 1 = WARNING, 2 = CRITICAL)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

| flapping                                | number | 0                                                                             | accept only events that aren't flapping (use 1 to accept flapping events too)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | host_status(neb), service_status(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | accepted_hostgroups                     | string |                                                                               | coma separated list of hostgroups that are accepted (for example: my_hostgroup_1,my_hostgroup_2)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | host_status(neb), service_status(neb), acknowledgement(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| accepted_hostgroups                     | string |                                                                               | comma-separated list of hostgroups that are accepted (for example: my_hostgroup_1,my_hostgroup_2)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | host_status(neb), service_status(neb), acknowledgement(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

| skip_anon_events                        | number | 1                                                                             | filter out events if their name can't be found in the broker cache (use 0 to accept them)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | host_status(neb), service_status(neb), ba_status(bam), acknowledgement(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                              |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | skip_nil_id                             | number | 1                                                                             | filter out events if their ID is nil (use 0 to accept them. YOU SHOULDN'T DO THAT)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | host_status(neb), service_status(neb), ba_status(bam), acknowledgement(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                              |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: pourquoi on a l'option si you shouldn't do that?

Author: ça peut être utile quand tu sais pourquoi tu veux le faire

> | enable_bam_host                         | number | 0                                                                             | filter out events if the host name matches "^_Module_BAM_*" (which is a fake host related to Business Activities from the Centreon BAM module) (use 1 to accept them). Those are very special events with hostname being _Module_BAM_1 and service name being ba_x where "x" is the ID of the business activity. Even if this parameter only applies to service_status(neb) events, you will need to use the **NEB and BAM** filter in your stream connector configuration (otherwise you won't have the BAM cache built by the Centreon broker and your event will not be sent)                               | service_status(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| enable_bam_host                         | number | 0                                                                             | filter out events if the host name matches "^_Module_BAM_*" (which is a fake host related to Business Activities from the Centreon BAM module) (use 1 to accept them). Those are very special events with the hostname being _Module_BAM_1 and the service name being ba_x where "x" is the ID of the business activity. Even if this parameter only applies to service_status(neb) events, you will need to use the **NEB and BAM** filter in your stream connector configuration (otherwise you won't have the BAM cache built by Centreon Broker and your event will not be sent)                               | service_status(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

| max_buffer_age                          | number | 5                                                                             | if no new event has been stored in the buffer in the past 5 seconds, all stored events are going to be sent even if the max_buffer_size hasn't been reached                                                                                                                                                                                   |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | max_all_queues_age                      | number | 300                                                                           | if last global flush date was 300 seconds ago, it will force a flush of each queue                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| max_all_queues_age                      | number | 300                                                                           | if the last global flush date was 300 seconds ago, it will force a flush of each queue                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | send_mixed_events                       | number | 1                                                                             | when sending data, it will mix all sorts of events in every payload. It means that you can have events about hosts mixed with events about services when set to 1. Performance wise, it is **better** to set it to **1**. **Only** set it to **0** if the tool that you are sending events to **doesn't handle a payload with mixed events**. |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| send_mixed_events                       | number | 1                                                                             | when sending data, all sorts of events will be mixed in every payload. It means that you can have events about hosts mixed with events about services when set to 1. Performance wise, it is **better** to set it to **1**. **Only** set it to **0** if the tool that you are sending events to **doesn't handle a payload with mixed events**. |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | service_severity_threshold              | number | nil                                                                           | the threshold that will be used to filter severity for services. it must be used with service_severity_operator option                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | service_status(neb), acknowledgement(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| service_severity_threshold              | number | nil                                                                           | the threshold that will be used to filter the severity for services. it must be used with the service_severity_operator option                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | service_status(neb), acknowledgement(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

| service_severity_operator               | string | >=                                                                            | the mathematical operator used to compare the accepted service severity threshold and the service severity (operation order is: threshold >= service severity)                                                                                                                                                                                | service_status(neb), acknowledgement(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | host_severity_threshold                 | number | nil                                                                           | the threshold that will be used to filter severity for hosts. it must be used with host_severity_operator option                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | host_status(neb), service_status(neb) , acknowledgement(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| host_severity_threshold                 | number | nil                                                                           | the threshold that will be used to filter the severity for hosts. it must be used with the host_severity_operator option                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | host_status(neb), service_status(neb) , acknowledgement(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

| host_severity_operator                  | string | >=                                                                            | the mathematical operator used to compare the accepted host severity threshold and the host severity (operation order is: threshold >= host severity)                                                                                                                                                                                         | host_status(neb), service_status(neb), acknowledgement(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | ack_host_status                         | string |                                                                               | coma separated list of accepted host status for an acknowledgement event. It uses the host_status parameter by default (0 = UP, 1 = DOWN, 2 = UNREACHABLE)                                                                                                                                                                                    | acknowledgement(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ack_host_status                         | string |                                                                               | comma-separated list of accepted host statuses for an acknowledgement event. It uses the host_status parameter by default (0 = UP, 1 = DOWN, 2 = UNREACHABLE)                                                                                                                                                                                    | acknowledgement(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | ack_service_status                      | string |                                                                               | coma separated list of accepted service status for an acknowledgement event. It uses the service_status parameter by default (0 = OK, 1 = WARNING, 2 = CRITICAL, 3 = UNKNOWN)                                                                                                                                                                 | acknowledgement(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ack_service_status                      | string |                                                                               | comma-separated list of accepted service statuses for an acknowledgement event. It uses the service_status parameter by default (0 = OK, 1 = WARNING, 2 = CRITICAL, 3 = UNKNOWN)                                                                                                                                                                 | acknowledgement(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | dt_host_status                          | string |                                                                               | coma separated list of accepted host status for a downtime event. It uses the host_status parameter by default (0 = UP, 1 = DOWN, 2 = UNREACHABLE)                                                                                                                                                                                            | downtime(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| dt_host_status                          | string |                                                                               | comma-separated list of accepted host statuses for a downtime event. It uses the host_status parameter by default (0 = UP, 1 = DOWN, 2 = UNREACHABLE)                                                                                                                                                                                            | downtime(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | dt_service_status                       | string |                                                                               | coma separated list of accepted service status for a downtime event. It uses the service_status parameter by default (0 = OK, 1 = WARNING, 2 = CRITICAL, 3 = UNKNOWN)                                                                                                                                                                         | downtime(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| dt_service_status                       | string |                                                                               | comma-separated list of accepted service statuses for a downtime event. It uses the service_status parameter by default (0 = OK, 1 = WARNING, 2 = CRITICAL, 3 = UNKNOWN)                                                                                                                                                                         | downtime(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | enable_host_status_dedup                | number | 1                                                                             | enable the deduplication of host status event when set to 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | host_status(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| enable_host_status_dedup                | number | 1                                                                             | enable the deduplication of host status events when set to 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | host_status(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | enable_service_status_dedup             | number | 1                                                                             | enable the deduplication of service status event when set to 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | service_status(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| enable_service_status_dedup             | number | 1                                                                             | enable the deduplication of service status events when set to 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | service_status(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | accepted_authors                        | string |                                                                               | coma separated list of accepted authors for a comment. It uses the alias (login) of the Centreon contacts                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | downtime(neb), acknowledgement(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| accepted_authors                        | string |                                                                               | comma-separated list of accepted authors for a comment. It uses the alias (login) of the Centreon contacts                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | downtime(neb), acknowledgement(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | local_time_diff_from_utc                | number | default value is the time difference the centreon central server has from UTC | the time difference from UTC in seconds                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | all                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| local_time_diff_from_utc                | number | default value is the time difference the Centreon central server has from UTC | the time difference from UTC in seconds                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | all                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | timestamp_conversion_format             | string | %Y-%m-%d %X                                                                   | the date format used to convert timestamps. Default value will print dates like this: 2021-06-11 10:43:38                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | all                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | [date format information](https://www.lua.org/pil/22.1.html)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| timestamp_conversion_format             | string | %Y-%m-%d %X                                                                   | the date format used to convert timestamps. The default value will print dates like this: 2021-06-11 10:43:38                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | all                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | [date format information](https://www.lua.org/pil/22.1.html)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

| send_data_test                          | number | 0                                                                             | When set to 1, send data in the logfile of the stream connector instead of sending it where the stream connector was designed to                                                                                                                                                                                                              | all                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | format_file                             | string |                                                                               | Path to a file that will be used as a template to format events instead of using default format                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | only usable for events stream connectors (\*-events-apiv2.lua) and not metrics stream connectors (\*-metrics-apiv2.lua) you should put the file in /etc/centreon-broker to keep your broker configuration in a single place. [**See documentation for more information**](templating.md) |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| format_file                             | string |                                                                               | Path to a file that will be used as a template to format events instead of using the default format                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | only usable for events stream connectors (\*-events-apiv2.lua) and not metrics stream connectors (\*-metrics-apiv2.lua) you should put the file in /etc/centreon-broker to keep your broker configuration in a single place. [**See documentation for more information**](templating.md) |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

| proxy_username                          | string |                                                                               | user for the proxy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | proxy_password                          | string |                                                                               | pasword of the proxy user                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| proxy_password                          | string |                                                                               | password for the proxy user                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

| proxy_protocol                          | string | http                                                                          | protocol to use with the proxy (can be http or https)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | connection_timeout                      | number | 60                                                                            | time to wait in second when opening connection                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| connection_timeout                      | number | 60                                                                            | time to wait in seconds when opening connection                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | allow_insecure_connection               | number | 0                                                                             | check the certificate validity of the peer host (0 = needs to be a valid certificate), use 1 if you are using self signed certificates                                                                                                                                                                                                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| allow_insecure_connection               | number | 0                                                                             | check the certificate validity of the peer host (0 = needs to be a valid certificate), use 1 if you are using self-signed certificates                                                                                                                                                                                                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

| remove_line_break_in_output             | number | 1                                                                             | replace all line breaks (\n) in the output with the character set in the output_line_break_replacement_character parameter                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | service_status(neb), host_status(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | output_line_break_replacement_character | string | " "                                                                           | replace all replace line break with this parameter value in the output (default value is a blank space)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | service_status(neb), host_status(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| output_line_break_replacement_character | string | " "                                                                           | replace all line breaks with this parameter value in the output (default value is a blank space)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | service_status(neb), host_status(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | output_size_limit                       | number | ""                                                                            | put a character number limit for the output (no limit by default)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | service_status(neb), host_status(neb)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: if your output is longer than this number, it will be truncated?

Author: yes it is!

Reviewer: can we add this sentence?

Author: done

| log_level                               | number | 1                                                                             | the verbosity level for the logs. 1 = error + notice, 2 = error + warning + notice, 3 = error + warning + notice + debug (you should avoid using level 3)                                                                                                                                                                                     | any                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | log_curl_commands                       | number | 0                                                                             | log ready to use curl commands when enabled (0 = disabled, 1 = enabled)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | any                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ?

Author: if you have a metric name that is

my$metric€name£  if those special characters are forbidden they are going to be replaced by the value of the metric_replacement_character

Reviewer: I just don't understand the sentence "log ready to use curl commands when enabled"

Author: I was on the wrong problem :D 

this one parameter will print a curl command in your log file. Since you can just copy and paste this command in your shell, it is ready to use
